Back in 2023,
we were facing
a really difficult time
at support at Lyft.
Rider base increased,
our driver base was increasing,
and this was super exciting for Lyft,
but it felt like
our current support system
was not set up
to handle this well.
Our support queues
were getting a bit overwhelmed.
It was just a long time
to wait and get an issue resolved
for our riders and our drivers.
We knew we needed
to do something,
but it wasn't clear yet what.
There were definitely a lot of
different models that we
were considering using.
Claude's personality
is really what stuck out.
When I was looking at
the actual support interactions,
there was just this
more organic feeling.
Our customers were
conversing more and opening up
about the issues
that they were having.
Customer resolution time
decreased by 87%.
So something that would have taken
30 plus minutes
now sometimes
that's even resolved
in a matter of seconds.
This feels like
a transformational shift
for Lyft customer support.
Through using Claude
for our AI assistant,
we have been able to
save millions of dollars
on the support side
that we’ve specifically focused on
reinvesting back into our
support agents
to upskill them,
to avoid burnout,
empowering our agents
to spend more time on the issues
that require human care
and infusing that layer
of empathy and care,
that's really important
to us at Lyft.